It's free to party online
shooter of the development team galaxy
money and the publisher nikita online
I was only overwhelmed in the game
because it is completely in Russian and it is
no english translation for the texts
Here you see a lobby for
multiplayer match the game starts first
if all players deploy on what
sometimes takes a very long time and totally
annoying has arrived in the game we see
then that the graphics definitely not
The heavens are total
terrible the textures are very
out of focus that weapons model I find
reasonably well
the system requirements are not
very high in the game, and some
additional possibilities of movement one
can on some walls the extra
Marked are a double make over
to come up or you have if you
double-click, double-click or double de
on weaves a small turbo boost
faster to one in one direction too
come as well as with advance week
but that does not work
quite as free and as with advance
wars
in the game itself always wins with
the stronger weapon there are three classes
a kind of storm soldier a kind
sniper and a kind heavy
soldier who just instead of one
assault rifle carries a shotgun
shotgun Timon has by default
total garbage
the assault rifle is pretty accurate
but it does not hurt much
with just under eight hits or even
had died with someone times a
pretty raw fire wheel around is nonetheless
very precise
then there are other weapons like that
all too overpriced we are
just no idea
remo players or whatever
which were just too strong
then keep zoom on it like
also on a sniper rifle
However, we see the weapon a
silencer still on it so the weapon
is just totally exaggerated and
no chance she kills with
three hits has a very very high
fire rate that one would think
cleaned or so from one
Sniping away if you have someone
with such a weapon right next to mine
The weapon is just unnecessary
to break the game a bit
it would have been better if so now
I also picked up the weapon
shows this weapon I do with it too
like a kill
there you see that two hits so so
The weapons are definitely too strong
and makes the game balance a bit
broken shit built know
developer of
The game has some problems with full
hd
the hertz number is limited to 59 here
you see again we it is impossible
against someone with such a weapon one
chance to have
Here is the selection of different ones
Of course, everything is Russian